SOFTWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT

This Software License Agreement ("Agreement") is agreed upon at the time of use between Grey Oaks Country Club ("Grey Oaks"), located at 2400 Grey Oaks Dr N, Naples, FL 34105, United States, and Samuel Reid Markovich ("Programmer"), located at  2400 Grey Oaks Dr N, Naples, FL 34105.

1. LICENSE GRANT

By using the software program ("Code") developed by Programmer for Grey Oaks, Grey Oaks acknowledges that it is granted a non-exclusive, non-transferable license to use the Code solely for the purpose of providing services to Grey Oaks in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement.

2. OWNERSHIP

a. The Code developed by Programmer pursuant to this Agreement shall be the sole and exclusive property of Grey Oaks Country Club.

b. Grey Oaks acknowledges and agrees that Programmer is the author of the Code and retains all moral rights and copyrights in the Code.

3. RESTRICTIONS

a. Grey Oaks shall not run or access the Code without the express written permission of Programmer.

b. Except as expressly provided in this Agreement, Grey Oaks shall not sublicense, sell, lease, rent, distribute, transfer, assign or otherwise dispose of, in whole or in part, the Code or any rights granted under this Agreement.

c. Grey Oaks acknowledges and agrees that the Code is not to be made accessible to the general public, and only authorized individuals within Grey Oaks and the Programmer are allowed access.

4. CONFIDENTIALITY

Both parties agree to maintain the confidentiality of the Code and any proprietary information disclosed by either party to the other in connection with this Agreement.

5. TERM AND TERMINATION

This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue until terminated by either party upon written notice to the other party. Upon termination of this Agreement, Grey Oaks shall cease all use of the Code and return or destroy all copies of the Code in its possession.

6. MISCELLANEOUS

a. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties concerning the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings, whether written or oral.

b. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Florida, United States. Any disputes arising out of or in connection with this Agreement shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of Collier County, Florida.
